Pluralize content view to view(s) (#3801)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_host-collections-overview.adoc

A host collection is a group of content hosts.

With host collections, you can perform the same action on multiple hosts at once.

> These actions include the installation, removal, and update of packages and errata, and the change of content views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These actions include the installation, removal, and update of packages and errata, and the assignment of content view environments.
```
